All right.
So we have got all the categories here.
So let's use a select component from NASA so that we can show the categories.
Let me quickly show you the finished version.
So the monster.
I'm logged in as admin.
It's good to mood add new so you can see we have this of some categories and we show all the categories
available.
You can click select used in this type in the name node get entered and that select.
All right.
So we're going to implement this feature.
For that we use the select component from end.
All right.
So so we have the loaded categories.
We did that I'm using the use effect.
So let's import select from and.
And then we came to just put that we can put here or we can put underneath.
So in this project, I pulled him.
So let's just go like this.
Let's put it on the right side.
I.
So that is column six here.
So here I'm going to give it a heading has four categories and then we use this select.
Select.
So here what you can do is we going to show the options here so often is something you can destructor
from select.
All right so students go on top
so we can do structure cost option from select.
This is something you could access here as select option.
You can do that, but this is a bit easier.
So let's use that.
I said we will saw the option.
Now before we walk on after let's walk on the select.
So select we want we want to allow the user to select only one item on multiple items.
So in our case, we want the multiple select to have more multiple.
All right.
And then all are clear that we.
User will be able to clear the the items placeholder.
You can see select categories we can put that.
I'm going to use starting so then it takes the entire width.
So with.
100%.
All right.
And then we're going to have the content handler.
So on content.
So what are you going to do here?
So whenever the value changes in the Senate, as the user pick any of these options, that value will
be received here.
All right.
So whatever category has been chosen, the value will be hit.
So when you get that value, you want to put that in the state.
So we can use set categories and you just use a V.
The reason we have set exit categories here because we allow the user to select more than one category
when they're creating this push.
Right.
So whether they select one or more than one doesn't matter.
That will be pushed to the categories in the state.
So this is categories.
And what we're going to show in the option is loaded categories, right?
So loaded categories means all the categories we have in the market and whichever is selected that will
be available in the categories using this function, select set categories.
Okay.
So option, we want to store all the loaded categories as an option.
So let me actually record this one.
Let me use the map function map through all the loaded categories and show them as options.
I guess to hear loaded categories.
Loaded categories, dark map to map through each of them.
Okay.
So when we met through each categories, let's say let's call them item.
So we get each item in each item we want to render as the absolute right.
So here we use all.
Awesome.
So is item need a unique key and we can use that item to underscore it.
So each category will have decided.
So we use that as a key.
Looks like we're missing one parenthesis here.
So map.
That's the opening.
That's the arrow function.
So we need one
bracket here.
Sorry.
Bracket.
Closing bracket.
And here it looks like we have got one extra parenthesis in serve that we should have the current embrace
of that and replaced with goldfish.
Okay, so we map through the loaded categories and we show each category.
We understood the name.
So item dot name.
Okay.
Let's have a look.
All right.
Now, you can see here we have the categories.
We can select all categories, remove the categories, we can clear the categories we can search.
Now, when you do this, it doesn't actually work.
You're going to you see all the options when you click.
But as soon as you type, for example, not you see it is not work and that's because it works and based
on the key.
So if you want that to be available, then you'd need to change this to
name.
All right, let's try now.
Note now you can see more.
It works better.
That's how it works out.
Beautiful note two You saw how easy it is to so use this multiple select to using and isn't these components.